Firstly, let's talk about some of the design elements I used from the Finance Problem Set. I utilzed the login, registration, and logout code that I wrote for finance and the helper function, login_required(), in order to check if the user has logged in or not. I turned finance's apology() function into my own by getting rid of the picture in part because I liked the sleekness of just words instead. I also used the basic layout template of finance, but I made it my own a lot, which will be explained below. Other than that, that's all I used from finance. I used my own code and then the login_required() function that I tried to make my own.

Secondly, let's talk about the nav bar. This was used in finance, that I altered a bit. First off, I changed the colors of the title to my brand colors (light blue and red specified in the css file). I also got rid of the other buttons except for login, register, and logout because my project did not need other webpages.

Third, let's go to task input form. I designed it so that, if you didn't enter in a task, then it won't submit anything to the server and simply have you type in the task again. Next, the priority selection. I made it so that it was optional because sometimes you don't want to think too much about what priority it is, so you don't have to put that in if you don't want to. Then the add button, will tell the server to insert the task name and priority into the tasks table in task.db.

Next is the task box. It is important to notice here that the tasks are ordered by priority. The first priority is on the top, then second, and so on. If you didn't put a priority on a task, then that will show up on the bottom all the priorities.

Now, let's talk about the draggablity and droppability of this project. This was very hard, and I needed to utilize JavaScript and learn how to use libraries like jQuery, jQuery UI, and AJAX in order to complete this. First off, in order to make the tasks draggable, I had to make the task name draggable by using its class name ("text-center"). Using this, I made that draggable when the mouse was held down (on mousedown). Then, I had to make the days droppable by using their class name ("day").

Then, I had to upload the dropped task to the server. I had to first get the task name and priority from the item being dragged, then I had to save this to the server using my built function "saveTaskStateToServer()". This function used AJAX to go back to my app.py file, so I could update the task's day_of_week column to reflect which day it's been dropped into. Finally, I had to load the task from the server back to the webpage. To do this I used another built function "loadTaskStateFromServer()", which again used AJAX to go back into my app.py file to select the day_of_week and task name to update the webpage with the task. This was done through another built function "updateUIWithTaskState()", which simply uploaded the information to the webpage.

That was a basic rundown on how my drag.js file worked and how it allowed for the droppability and draggability of the tasks in my project. Another thing to notice is that, just like in the task box, the tasks in each day are ordered by their priority. And, for both the task box and the days of the week, the priority is red to pop out at the user. It may also be important to note that when you complete a task from the task box, you're also completing the task from the day-of-the-week that it's in. This was a design choice because I didn't want to get rid of the task only in the task box, but it still be in the day-of-the-week. As a result, I chose to delete it entirely.

Finally, when you're finished completing all of your tasks, the task box will show a fun message that goes away, once you add another task. 
